welcome to another edition of the most
consistent prolific and dedicated
uploads in youtube history this is the
dynamic sean's entertainment right here
on youtube.com make sure to like this
video and subscribe with breaking news
as concerns Daniel Bryan's return right
now and there's been a lot of rumors and
speculation console concerning there's a
lot of conflicting reports a lot of
confusion a lot of doubts well right now
according to pw insider elite and
remember i have my elite WWE news and
rumors um that there's a difference
between pw inside early and what I'm
bringing to you ww ficials are hoping
that Daniel Bryan will be back in time
for November's Survivor Series
pay-per-view however WWE does not want
to rush Bryan back and risk another
injury and you got to play with this uh
you know very delicate you know coming
off of what's happening with Daniel
Bryan and what Daniel Bryan is going
through it may be best option to save it
for the Royal Rumble a surprise return
and it would be an epic moment in Royal
Rumble history much like when Johnson
returns from injury all the way back in
2008 officially serves me correctly and
the roof blew off Madison Square God in
New York City now Daniel Bryan has been
missing from the WWE for a long time the
WWE having to bounce back from something
quite like that after the momentum and
after how they were building Daniel
Bryan up only to lose Daniel Bryan was
definitely a major step back and
definitely did not um uh you know help
the company any so I know that W wants
to see Daniel Bryan back I'm sure Daniel
Bryan wants to come back sooner rather
than later because Daniel Bryan loves
the business he loves to be in he loves
to compete he loves the adrenaline he
loves the rush and we all want to see
Daniel Bryan back as soon as possible
but Daniel Bryan we've been here and is
just now starting to regain some
momentum you know there is some progress
being made which is a good thing because
there was a lot of setbacks Daniel Bryan
is not going to need another surgery so
that's another good thing that's you
know going to be going in Daniel Bryan's
favor so as you can see the thing you
know things are looking better but the
WWE really has to look at the wealth the
health and the well-being of Daniel
Bryan would it be a good idea to rush
him back risk injury or take the safe
route wait till at least Rio Rumble and
have maybe the Royal Rumble even built
around Daniel Bryan that could be the
way that the WWE could go about things
either way Daniel Bryan we know is going
to return there is a timetable there
there is a plan it's just how the ww
gonna go about that plan and what will
the plan B and how will they reintroduce
the in your brain and you get a wonder
once Daniel Bryan does come back to
in-ring competition will it be an amine
event role will it be in a midcard role
how will the WWE portray Daniel Bryan
your comments your opinions and do you
think the yes movement well once again
be in effect subscribe